Add info about cakephp/cakephp#17886 (#7915)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/5-1-migration-guide.rst

- Setting the ``preserveKeys`` option on association finder queries. This can be
  used with ``formatResults()`` to replace association finder results with an
  associative array.

> - The ORM can now map SQLite columns with name containing ``json`` to ``JsonType``.
>   This currently an opt-in feature which can be enabled by setting the ``ORM.mapJsonTypeForSqlite``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SQLite columns with names containing ``json`` can now be mapped to ``JsonType``.
  This is currently an opt-in feature which is enabled by setting the ``ORM.mapJsonTypeForSqlite``
```
